Tell how to get PyPy. (#2296)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/reference/xenial.md

* Python `2.7.15` will be used when no language version is explicitly set.

> * PyPy can be installed via `pypy2.7-6.0` resp. `pypy3.5-6.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're getting errors about PyPy `pypy is not installed; attempting download`, use one of the more recent python versions such as `pypy2.7-6.0` or `pypy3.5-6.0`.
```
